[main]
host = http://www.transifex.net

[vacuum-im.rosterchangerts]
file_filter = <lang>/rosterchanger.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.messageprocessorts]
file_filter = <lang>/messageprocessor.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.dataformsts]
file_filter = <lang>/dataforms.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.shortcutmanagerts]
file_filter = <lang>/shortcutmanager.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.captchaformsts]
file_filter = <lang>/captchaforms.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.vacuumts]
file_filter = <lang>/vacuum.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.emoticonsts]
file_filter = <lang>/emoticons.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.gatewaysts]
file_filter = <lang>/gateways.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.stanzaprocessorts]
file_filter = <lang>/stanzaprocessor.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.xmppuriqueriests]
file_filter = <lang>/xmppuriqueries.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.starttlsts]
file_filter = <lang>/starttls.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.rostersviewts]
file_filter = <lang>/rostersview.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.socksstreamsts]
file_filter = <lang>/socksstreams.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.rostersmodelts]
file_filter = <lang>/rostersmodel.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.privacyliststs]
file_filter = <lang>/privacylists.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.filestreamsmanagerts]
file_filter = <lang>/filestreamsmanager.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.traymanagerts]
file_filter = <lang>/traymanager.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.remotecontrolts]
file_filter = <lang>/remotecontrol.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.adiummessagestylets]
file_filter = <lang>/adiummessagestyle.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.jabbersearchts]
file_filter = <lang>/jabbersearch.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.multiuserchatts]
file_filter = <lang>/multiuserchat.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.pepmanagerts]
file_filter = <lang>/pepmanager.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.saslauthts]
file_filter = <lang>/saslauth.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.normalmessagehandlerts]
file_filter = <lang>/normalmessagehandler.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.avatarsts]
file_filter = <lang>/avatars.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.statuschangerts]
file_filter = <lang>/statuschanger.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.accountmanagerts]
file_filter = <lang>/accountmanager.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.inbandstreamsts]
file_filter = <lang>/inbandstreams.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.optionsmanagerts]
file_filter = <lang>/optionsmanager.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.bitsofbinaryts]
file_filter = <lang>/bitsofbinary.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.vacuumutilsts]
file_filter = <lang>/vacuumutils.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.annotationsts]
file_filter = <lang>/annotations.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.privatestoragets]
file_filter = <lang>/privatestorage.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.defaultconnectionts]
file_filter = <lang>/defaultconnection.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.mainwindowts]
file_filter = <lang>/mainwindow.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.iqauthts]
file_filter = <lang>/iqauth.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.clientinfots]
file_filter = <lang>/clientinfo.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.sessionnegotiationts]
file_filter = <lang>/sessionnegotiation.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.presencets]
file_filter = <lang>/presence.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.messagearchiverts]
file_filter = <lang>/messagearchiver.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.bookmarksts]
file_filter = <lang>/bookmarks.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.simplemessagestylets]
file_filter = <lang>/simplemessagestyle.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.notificationsts]
file_filter = <lang>/notifications.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.consolets]
file_filter = <lang>/console.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.datastreamsmanagerts]
file_filter = <lang>/datastreamsmanager.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.rosterts]
file_filter = <lang>/roster.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.autostatusts]
file_filter = <lang>/autostatus.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.compressts]
file_filter = <lang>/compress.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.registrationts]
file_filter = <lang>/registration.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.messagestylests]
file_filter = <lang>/messagestyles.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.vcardts]
file_filter = <lang>/vcard.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.xmppstreamsts]
file_filter = <lang>/xmppstreams.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.rostersearchts]
file_filter = <lang>/rostersearch.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.messagewidgetsts]
file_filter = <lang>/messagewidgets.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.connectionmanagerts]
file_filter = <lang>/connectionmanager.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.servicediscoveryts]
file_filter = <lang>/servicediscovery.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.chatmessagehandlerts]
file_filter = <lang>/chatmessagehandler.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.chatstatests]
file_filter = <lang>/chatstates.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.birthdayreminderts]
file_filter = <lang>/birthdayreminder.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.statusiconsts]
file_filter = <lang>/statusicons.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.filetransferts]
file_filter = <lang>/filetransfer.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.commandsts]
file_filter = <lang>/commands.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.urlprocessorts]
file_filter = <lang>/urlprocessor.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.rosteritemexchangets]
file_filter = <lang>/rosteritemexchange.ts
source_lang = ru

[vacuum-im.spellchecker]
file_filter = <lang>/spellchecker.ts
source_lang = ru
